Update Data Tiering to Tiered Storage (#2805)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/data-tiering/about-data-tiering.md

---

> title: About tiered storage

Reviewer: I think there is a problem calling this section as "Tiered storage"
This entire section is about Tiering to S3 which is **one of many layers** in a  tiered storage architecture. This chapter is about Tiering data to Object storage. I think we need to make that clear.

Need to edit the content to reflect the multiple layers in storage and perhaps add the image from the blog doc (with different storage tiers) in the introduction section.
And then specifically call out that we provide special APIs to move data to object storage.

## Architecture

> Tiered storage works by periodically and asynchronously moving older chunks to S3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tiering to object storage works by periodically and asynchronously moving older chunks to S3
```

storage. There, it's stored in the Apache Parquet format, which is a compressed
columnar format well-suited for S3. Data remains accessible both during and
after migration.

By default, tiered data is not included when querying from a Timescale instance. 

> However, it is possible to access tiered data by [enabling tiered storage reads][querying-tiered-data] for a session, query, or even for all sessions.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, it is possible to access tiered data by [enabling reads from object storage][querying-tiered-data] for a session, query, or even for all sessions.   
```
